Big brother is up
Breakfast, big brother
big brother
What's wrong, Qin Yue?
Hey, it's not what you shouted early in the morning
I'm just sleeping in. What's wrong with you Xiaomei?
What's up?
They
Shit
What's up?
Hey, hey, why are you sleeping in my bed?
You and I are husband and wife
Not sleeping in your bed, in whose bed?
Not my big brother
I was so wrong about you.
Hmph, July, July
Brother, you are so awesome
Little brother, admire and get out of here, okay?
That
Miss Chu, nothing happened to us last night, right?
What do you think?
I don't think so.
couple
Do you know what the penalty is for committing adultery in the well?
What is the punishment?
Ling Chi uh hahaha
Madam joked
Madam slept very late last night
Must be tired
My husband is going to make you breakfast